Rename HTTPText to Text Propagator. (#793)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/context/api-propagators.md

  - [Operations](#operations)
    - [Inject](#inject)
    - [Extract](#extract)

> - [Text Propagator](#text-propagator)

Reviewer: There was a discussion that "text" does not carry the information about the encoding restrictions that apply to this propagator. We are using this propagator for HTTP and possible other places, so a better name would be `AsciiPropagator` that explains that results should be `Ascii`.

Reviewer 2: I agree that we need to specify the encoding restrictions but this doesn't necessarily have to be in the name. We want all keys handed over to the `TextPropagator` to be valid HTTP header names to allow transporting via HTTP, which is why it was initially called `HttpTextPropagator`, right?
Renaming it to `TextPropagator` is fine with me though in order to point out it's not _only_ intended for HTTP but also others.

Reviewer 3: I agree with @arminru there's already enough we have to define in the documentation for this sort of interface that adding encoding there is a very small delta. Adding it to the name adds some noise that doesn't seem necessary.

Reviewer: We want to specify restrictions for keys and values as well. Specifying it in the documentation is fine, personally I thought it is better in the name because I also wanted to have a stronger contract. Can be convinced otherwise if documentation is clear

Author: My impression is that either way, we want to remove the `Http` portion. So the question is: after adding documentation for the keys/values restrictions, should we go with `AsciiTextPropagator` (more explicit) or `TextPropagator` (simpler) is enough?

containing the extracted value, which can be a `SpanContext`,
`CorrelationContext` or another cross-cutting concern context.

## TextMap Propagator

`TextMapPropagator` performs the injection and extraction of a cross-cutting concern
value as string key/values pairs into carriers that travel in-band across process boundaries.

The carrier of propagated data on both the client (injector) and server (extractor) side is
usually an HTTP request.

> In order to increase compatibility, the key/value pairs MUST only use US-ASCII octets.
> a la [RFC 7230](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-3.2.4).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to increase compatibility, the key/value pairs MUST only consist of US-ASCII characters
that make up valid HTTP header fields as per [RFC 7230](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-3.2).
```
